Goodnight.
Yes.
Do you want to...
sleep with me...
tonight?
Yes.
What did you say?
Let's break up.
We should break up.
Why?
I said, why?
I don't have the confidence.
I'm not confident I can make you happy.
What kind of nonsense is that?
Is this a line of a play?
Don't put up an act.
It's not nonsense, and it's not an act.
I mean it.
I really want to stop.
So you should seriously think about it and let me know.
I'll stay at Sang Goo's for a while.
Hey!
How can you say that right now?
You're not confident enough?
You told me to wait 5 years more even after dating for 7 years!
And...
And now you're telling me you're not confident?
So don't wait for me!
You're not the only one who dated for seven years.
I did too. I was in the relationship for seven years too!
But...
why do you always talk as if you're the victim?
Why do you talk as if you're the only one who had to wait?
Because of that stupid marriage,
I had to give up what I wanted. I gave up on my dream.
Every day is suffocating for me!
Shirts and ties...
are really uncomfortable. Did you know that?
You were waiting out here?
It's cold. Why are you waiting here?
I just went to the convenience store.
I needed to pick up something.
It's cold, Mom. Let's go in.
Did you even eat?
I didn't eat so I could eat with you.
You didn't have to.
Okay. Thank you.
This is my first time in your room after our wedding.
You're right.
I should have cleaned if I knew this would happen.
No, it's nice.
It's very you.
It smells like you.
Do I...
smell?
Sorry?
But...
No...
"To Room 19"?
Oh, that?
It's a book I liked when I was in university.
I've been reading it again.
Could I ask you what it's about?
There is a married couple.
They're perfect,
even in the eyes of others.
They're satisfied with their lives too.
A happy and harmonious family.
But...
the wife suddenly wants to have a space of her own one day.
So the husband makes a room for her on the second floor.
Then they called it...
"The Mother's Room".
But soon enough,
the kids start to enter that room.
With the family going in and out,
the room just becomes another family room.
So what does the wife do?
So the wife...
gets a room without telling anyone...
in a cheap hotel far away from home.
Time to time, she stays alone in the room...
a few hours at a time.
She doesn't do anything.
She feels happy just by being in the room.
Because...
the room is a space she can be perfectly alone.
Getting married...
also means that your own time and space disappears.
Being without anyone else...
can make you feel happy. I can understand.
It's a good story.
I think it's also a sad story.
Actually, I thought of you...
while reading that book.
You said...
the only things you can be responsible for in life...
are this house, Kitty,
and yourself.
That's why you won't get married.
At the time, your words spoke to me.
I too could only be responsible for this room.
But...
if you live like that,
won't you get lonely?
Have you ever thought that you might be lonely?
I'm not sure.
I don't think I ever...
thought about being lonely.
More than tolerating others,
I thought it would be better to be alone.
That's how I lived until now.
I wanted to ask him.
Being in love once in your life...
is enough.
If that one love has already passed in his life.
And if it did,
will love ever start again...
for him?
Shall we...
go to bed now? It's late.
Yes.
I better bring my pillow.
Okay.
Yes. I think so too.
Maybe I should have drank.
No, I'm not a kid.
Right?
I'll be an adult. I'll be mature.
Ji Ho.
- Are you sleeping? - Yes.
I see.
Ji Ho.
Can I...
hug you?
Yes.
It smells like you.
Do I smell?
It's your scent more specifically.
I smell your scent.
I see, you meant my scent.
I'm glad you quit being a scriptwriter.
What?
Maybe it's not love yet.
I was joking.
It's all right even if it's not love.
I'm not good at making jokes.
Are you mad by any chance?
Can I kiss you?
Today's the first day that he visited my room.
Yes.
That's enough.
(Episode 13: Because This Is My First Time Visiting Your Room)
(She snores.)
(How to make omelet rice)
Give me that.
You should stay for a few more days.
Forget it. You're not the only one who works.
I work too.
Can't you quit working now?
What nonsense are you talking about?
You know I bought an apartment in Mullae-dong, right?
We can move in there next year.
So come to Seoul next year and live with me.
If you really want to live with me, move to Namhae.
I'm not kidding.
Until when will you come and go from Seoul to Namhae?
It's not like I travel by foot.
I travel by bus, so it's not hard.
Go now.
What are you talking about? Get in.
No, thanks. I'll take a subway.
It goes straight to the bus terminal.
Subway, my foot. Don't be stubborn and get in already.
I heard you getting scolded by your superior just a while ago.
Just go to work.
Mom.
I'll give you a ride.
Hello, ma'am.
I'm Soo Ji's boyfriend, Ma Sang Goo.
- Her boyfriend? - Yes.
I didn't know she had a boyfriend.
She's not very talkative.
I thought I should come say hello to you first, and that's why I'm here.
You're so tall.
Soo Ji is tall too.
What a perfect match.
I've never been a picky eater and liked eating spinach.
Sorry, that was not funny.
Soo Ji seems to be running late for work.
I'll take you to the terminal today.
- Please get in. - No.
I'll take her to the terminal.
Where is it? Is it that car over there?
Yes.
Please give it to me. I'll carry it for you.
- Mom... - Hurry work. Bye.
Soo Ji takes after you a lot.
No way. She doesn't look like me at all.
She's cute and bright, and I'm just pretty.
Soo Ji isn't as pretty as when I was young.
I think you're more beautiful than her even now.
What do you do for work?
I'm the CEO of the company that develops...
social networking service.
Our main service is called Dating, Not Marriage.
It's a dating application.
How should I explain?
You know Ji Ho's husband, right?
I'm the CEO of the company he works at.
- Oh, Ji Ho's husband. - Yes.
You're the CEO of that company?
Yes, I'm his best friend and the CEO of that company.
Then were you born in 1980 too?
Yes, I'm 38 this year.
You're older than I expected.
It's fine as long as you're younger than me.
You're not younger than me, are you?
Well...
- Give me a second. - Okay.
What a...
wonderful night.
I'm done sleeping tonight.
Did I fall straight into sleep there?
Is this real?
How could I miss...
this golden chance?
I'm going to work first.
Have breakfast.
Breakfast?
Onion's not cooked.
Does he like raw food?
(Let's Eat)
(Hwang Se Hee, Gye Yong Seok)
The bus will arrive soon.
(Director Gye Yong Seok)
(Scriptwriter Hwang Se Hee)
- Hi. - You are here.
- Ji Ho. - Yes?
Do you know this person?
(Ko Jung Min)
Who is this?
I don't know.
It was when you left here already.
That person said you would know when you see that.
Was it a man or a woman?
It was a man.
He said he would call you soon.
(Ko Jung Min)
(MY Entertainment)
T-bone steak?
How would you like your steak?
What would you like?
Medium-rare, please.
I see. I will tell the chef.
Please let me know if you need anything.
Please set up the table number 14.
I see.
I think the manager's having a cold.
- Really? - Yes.
Her nose is running, and her eyes are red.
Where are you? I'm really upset at you.
You'd better come home now, Shim Won Seok.
Answer your phone now.
What are you doing?
Please answer your phone.
Are you really trying to end us?
He read it, but didn't respond.
He clearly read it.
But he's not saying anything back.
(I want to get married.)
- Thank you! - Thank you.
I'll go to the bathroom.
How's your weekend?
You look very kind and lovely.
So I would love to know who you are.
Thank you so much.
I think we can get along well.
I see. You look like a nice person too.
(I want to get married.)
(I want to find someone I can spend my life with.)
I know what you are trying to do. So please talk to me.
Although we are going to break up, we should at least see each other.
Meet me where we usually meet after work.
(Today's coffee is Aricha.)
(Ko Jung Min)
Nobody can do what they want to do from the beginning.
You can finally do what you want when you are successful.
Ji Ho, have you not liked me at all?
Don't do this. Stop it!
Wait!
We care about each other a lot.
We don't want to break this team. That's why we are trying so hard.
Did you say you are trying?
Are you telling me to move on...
just because I look okay?
Is that why you dragged me here? Do you really think you are trying?
But I'm actually bleeding and suffering to death.
Ms. Yoon.
Do you think this is like a college club activity?
If you are going to whine about such a small thing,
you can't work on TV dramas.
That's why...
I want to quit.
I'm never going to write again.
(Ko Jung Min)
Thank you.
Aricha is my favorite coffee.
I thought the CEO was a man.
Are you disappointed because it was me?
No, I'm not.
Honestly, I was a bit surprised.
I know.
I didn't know it could be you, the woman with the pretty earrings.
I guess it's fate.
It was our director who dropped by here yesterday.
He said he sent you several text messages,
but apparently, you never replied.
That's true.
My work has been a bit busy.
But how did you know I was here?
He called you once,
and the other employee here answered your phone.
He said you are...
working here.
I would love to officially introduce myself again.
I came here after reading your script.
I'm a CEO of a production company, Ko Jung Min.
I saw your script you were going to work with Director Park.
It was the script about the student residence.
I was really curious about you and wanted to meet you so bad.
More specifically,
I would love to work with you.
I don't write dramas anymore.
It's been a while since I quit my assistant writer job.
I'm sorry.
You said you quit assistant writer job.
Does it mean you quit writing too?
I came here because I want to work with the writer.
Hi, Soo Ji.
Put your seat belt on.
Yes, ma'am!
Do you not write anymore?
I'm sorry.
I don't write anymore either.
May I ask why?
I'm married now.
I decided to quit after the marriage.
I'm here as a part-timer because it's too boring...
to stay at home.
You're married.
Yes.
I'm sorry. You had to come this far.
I'll go now.
Take your time to finish it up.
One thing, Ms. Yoon.
Why does it sound...
like a sad excuse to me?
Thanks for the coffee.
By any chance,
if you want to tell me the truth instead of giving me a sad excuse,
call me anytime.
Even if we don't work together,
we can go out for a drink.
[VIU Ver] E13 Because This is My First Life
"Because This Is My First Time Visiting Your Room"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Why are you so mad?
What are you trying to do?
What do you mean?
I sent your mom home for you...
because you're too busy.
What's wrong with it?
Is this your type of dating?
Intruding my personal space?
And making me feel miserable?
Miserable?
How can you call...
something as normal as showing each other's family...
and knowing each other well miserable?
I feel miserable!
You think this is normal?
Do you know how horrible that is to me?
"What do your parents do?" "How are your parents?"
I hate typical questions like those the most.
Then you would say this.
"Why would you take it that way? I didn't know."
There are hundreds and thousands of people who ask this question.
Do you know how it feels to live in such world?
That's why we should live it together.
I'm saying...
I'll be right next to you in that world!
Next to me?
How?
Let's say we get married.
Do you think you can live with my mom?
Answer me.
Can you live with her too?
Yes, I can. Why not?
Right.
What will you tell your parents?
"I'll get married to a girl..."
"who doesn't know who her father is and whose mother is disabled."
Will you introduce me to your parents like that?
My mom...
worked in a restaurant to raise me alone with her disabled body.
Luckily, I studied well...
and got into a good company that pays well.
I finally got to...
support her.
I don't know about the world like yours in which...
the family lives in a happily built house...
and live normally.
My mom...
has only me...
to rely on.
I'm the only one to bury her.
That's the world I have to live in.
So don't give me false hopes.
You being sweet...
makes me want to be a part of your world.
In the novel "To Room 19",
the main character ends up...
getting the hidden room...
caught by her husband.
And the girl lies to her husband...
that she had been having an affair.
I was 20 back then and...
I couldn't understand her.
Is the room's existence more important than...
lying about the affair?
I think I understand.
That room means nothing...
if people find out about it.
But how could she lie that she had been having an affair?
"For the past year, I have spent my day time..."
"in a dirty hotel room."
"That place makes me happy."
"In fact, I don't exist without it."
"She realized that when she says such things, her husband..."
"would be scared."
- Can't you get it? - No.
So this means...
it's easier to be crazy than to explain...
something that people can't understand.
Actually, it's more convenient that way.
It's better to be crazy than pathetic.
Why did I answer...
to that lady...
like that?
Why did I tell her that I got married...
when she asked me...
if I still write?
Let's talk about it later if you're going to cry.
I'm not crying.
I'm not going to cry.
Have you thought about it?
Yes.
I was wrong.
What did you do wrong?
Yelling. Getting mad at you.
I only nagged you when you bought me a sofa.
And...
I kept asking you to marry me.
- And... - What difference would it make?
Sorry?
Will you not ask me to marry you if we see each other again?
If you don't like it,
I won't.
It's not a matter of that!
You just want to get married.
Why would you hide your desire just because of me?
I'm not hiding it.
- I want to marry you, so... - You want to get married to me?
Are you sure?
Can you confidently say that?
What are you talking about?
You were talking with some other man.
I saw you...
chatting with some other man on our dating app.
I just tried it for fun.
I just installed the app because you go to that company.
- Someone said hi and... - But you talked with someone.
I just did it for fun. It didn't mean anything.
Of course it means something.
You want to get married.
You talked with some man who was looking for a girl to get married.
And it still doesn't mean anything?
No. It's not like that.
Is it not?
But that does mean something.
How were we like in the past few months?
You kept asking me to get married.
I was always running away from it.
You always pressured me.
I couldn't satisfy you.
That's the fact and how it is.
How you answered the man is also a part of your heart.
I hope you could be honest with what your heart says.
Let's finish it here.
I'm tired too.
I'll get my things out when you aren't home.
No, Won Seok.
Don't go.
Please don't go.
How can I live without you?
How can I live alone?
I can't...
How can I go inside the house without you?
Please don't go.
I'll die if you're gone.
You won't die even if I'm not there.
You'll get over me soon.
You'll be fine soon.
How was your day?
It was peaceful like the other days.
What about yours?
Nothing special happened to me too.
Actually, something happened to me.
Some production company's CEO...
came to talk to me.
A production company?
Yes, some drama production company.
She came to ask me to work with her.
You want to work again?
No, it's not like that.
I don't know what I want yet.
Doesn't her name sound like a man's?
Was it a woman?
Yes.
She was a strong woman.
She was strong...
in a way that she doesn't hurt others but...
protects instead.
She wasn't ordinary.
But her name was.
You're right.
It's a common name.
Yes.
What? Really?
Ho Rang.
She was sitting like this in some park and I brought her here.
She said she couldn't walk because her legs gave way.
Ho Rang. Ho Rang.
Let's get inside and lie down.
Yes. Let's get in. You'll catch a cold.
I can't...
get inside that room.
I just can't.
You're really here?
It's Se Hee! Nam Se Hee!
See? I told you. Se Hee will be here when I call him.
Did he drink a lot?
Yes.
Let's drink up, my mentor.
- Mentor? - Sure!
You're not my mentor anymore. Se Hee is.
What did he say?
What did you tell him?
Se Hee said that I have to be honest.
All those subjects in your sentences...
are all you, Won Seok.
You don't have anyone else as a subject in your sentences.
So I changed the subject in my sentences.
Ho Rang...
smiles because of me.
Perhaps she and I...
are like the parallel lines that never meet.
Ho Rang is happy...
because of me.
Won Seok, I'll be 35 after 5 years.
Are you asking me to just date for 12 years?
Ho Rang can't live without me.
(How's your weekend going?)
When I replaced the subjects,
the answer was quite simple.
The initial formula to get the answer...
was wrong in the first place.
For seven years,
I had been choosing the paths that made only me happy.
Life is too long.
There are too many unwanted scenes.
You're right.
Things will get only worse.
You look troubled too today.
Some production company's CEO came to talk to me.
She told me she wants me to work with her.
But I...
answered that I got married...
to her question asking if I still write.
Why did I do that?
Maybe you were lazy to explain.
Sometimes, marriage can be...
a good shield in the society.
A shield so strong that it can't be penetrated.
But...
I thought I was a coward at the moment.
No, you're not.
There are times when you just want to be like others.
Life...
needs a shoulder to depend on.
Soo Ji, do you also...
depend on someone?
Who?
Mr. Ma?
I don't need to depend...
on anyone.
What?
My mom's supporting me.
I should give a call to my mom.
Why would you say something like that to a kid?
That's not actually what I told him.
That's what you told me...
12 years ago.
Se Hee.
Men are all selfish.
It's a greed to...
not let go of someone.
You like it when you're with her.
You want to make her happy.
You feel like you can't live without her, right?
But...
Jung Min doesn't feel the same way.
She's not happy with you anymore.
Her life is bearable without you.
That's why she left you.
We talked about it here?
Gosh, time flies.
Hey, by any chance,
did you two have something I didn't know then?
I mean, both of you suddenly applied to take some time off from school.
Jung Min didn't return to school and disappeared.
It's strange now that I think about it.
Have you...
heard anything about her since then?
No.
She cut off ties with all her friends in school.
I think I heard that she went to the US.
You can't throw up there.
Don't move. I'll take you to the toilet.
Gosh.
Hold it in.
(Ko Jung Min)
Shouldn't you eat something?
I'm okay.
I'll go inside first.
Don't sleep on the floor. Sleep in my bed.
How is Won Seok?
I'm taking good care of him.
Soo Ji.
I followed you to your house in secret...
on the day I saw a text from your mom.
I was worried you might be seeing another guy.
So I ran up the stairs like crazy.
I'm such a loser, aren't I?
Like you said, maybe I don't know much about your life.
I grew up in an ordinary family without much trouble.
So to be honest, I find you hard to deal with.
Sometimes, your sharp words are too much for me to handle.
But you know what?
Maybe I like you very much.
Your sharp words hurt me here and there,
and it's so painful,
but if you could feel much at ease by hurting me,
I'd be glad.
That's what I think.
I won't intrude your privacy...
unexpectedly like today from now on.
And I won't act like I know everything about your world.
But...
I hope you to face the world properly.
The way I see it, you've never faced the world properly.
You've always run away or fought back.
Using your company and mother as excuses,
you've always blamed the world.
I believe that you need to face the world...
and say what you want to say at least for once in your life.
And once you begin,
I'm ready to support you by your side.
Do you understand?
That was so charismatic.
I'm a bit scared to be scolded by you twice a day,
so I'll stop here and fall back.
I'll see you later, Soo Ji.
Bye.
Gosh, Soo Ji is the scariest in the world.
He's so unpredictable.
Everyone has Room 19 of their own.
No matter how close they are with others, they don't want them...
to find out about that room.
By the way,
why do you keep sitting on the floor?
What?
I'm used to sitting on the floor.
I feel more comfortable this way.
But why did you sit on the sofa before?
Then I felt...
a little uncomfortable in this house.
You too.
You felt uncomfortable around me?
No matter how comfortable they feel around others,
they can't invite those others to that room.
- Goodnight. - Thanks.
You too.
I forgot to give this back to you.
Oh, right.
Well, Ji Ho.
Yes?
About the offer...
I don't know much about it,
but you're not hesitating because of our marriage, are you?
- What? - By any chance,
if this marriage...
is in the way to your future...
I hope you don't hesitate because of it.
Like I promised,
I don't want to...
cause any harm to you.
Okay.
I understand what you mean.
Maybe both he and I...
(Ko Jung Min)
need to take a rest in our own Room 19 today.
(Scripts)
Ho Rang, what do you want to have for breakfast?
You were home.
I'm just dropping by. I need to pack my things.
Why are you packing?
I just need to move out.
I thought about that too.
But I think I should move out.
You should stay here.
Why are you moving out? You paid for the key money too.
Let's talk about that later.
You can give that back to me at the end of the contract.
Ho Rang.
Are you...
okay?
I'm fine.
I feel a lot better.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm leaving.
You are right.
I should be...
honest to myself.
I'm going to try that from now on.
(MY Entertainment)
It's time to be honest to myself.
Please come this way.
Yes?
I want to write.
I want to write something good.
I'm not sure...
what you want yet.
But I want to write a good story that I can talk about.
That's what I want.
You just need to write your own script with your own story.
But I need to sort out one thing before that.
What is it?
Are you already under a contract?
No, that's not it.
There's a reason why I quit my job.
I was almost raped...
by the assistant director I was working with.
That's what I want to deal with first.
I think I can write after that.
If that's the case,
we should do that.
How would you like to sort it out?
I want to talk about it with you. That's why I'm here today.
I don't know any options.
There are possibly two ways to take care of this.
It's a bit complicated, but we can just sue him.
Or...
we can simply get rid of him.
- Do we get rid of him? - Yes.
I prefer the latter option.
My employees are good at that.
What do they do?
We can just shock him to death,
or he will die because of his funny situation.
Sometimes, they die because of how frustrating it is.
It's just a joke.
Let's talk about it over lunch.
Okay.
By the way,
you are really not good at making jokes.
Many people said that's my charm.
I see.
- I'm here. - You are!
They don't have a menu.
Do you want me to surprise you?
Of course.
Can I have pajeon and golbaengi soup?
We also want three bottles of makgeolli.
Three bottles?
I'm sorry.
We want four bottles.
Cheers!
You are really enjoying it.
I am today.
I haven't drank for a while.
Do you not drink with your husband?
My husband?
We only drink beer while watching soccer.
He's pretty weird.
I haven't seen him drunk once.
I guess you guys are being careful with each other.
Yes, that's how we are.
We have each other's "The Room 19".
- "The Room 19"? - Yes.
It's each other's own space. It can't be invaded.
That sounds great.
- Do you really think so? - Of course.
Even though you are married, you need that.
If you love each other, you need to be more careful.
Why are you not married?
Are you talking about me?
Yes.
I mean, you are very attractive and strong.
So I am curious why you are still single.
I'm just curious. That's all.
Maybe it's because I'm married.
Did I offend you?
You didn't.
I also had those thoughts when I was young.
"Why is she not married when she's old enough?"
I thought I would get married one day. There was no doubt.
I got married once if I can call it like that.
I lived with my boyfriend back in university.
Did you just live with him?
That's awesome.
It wasn't that awesome as it sounds.
We were dating, and I got pregnant with his baby.
So we promised to get married...
and lived together first.
You want to know what happened next?
Yes, to be honest.
I miscarried my baby and we broke up.
His family was against our relationship too.
Gosh, you're so transparent...
that it makes me go transparent too.
This is why I shouldn't have a drink with people like you.
Sorry,
I shouldn't have asked you this question.
No, it's good.
It's a privilege of getting old every year.
My painful experiences are just memories now.
Here.
Maybe I...
knew it already then.
- Shall we drink? - Sure.
That this person...
is his Room 19.
And...
The person you've dialed is not available.
(Wife)
Maybe he knew it too...
that he would have to face his room...
some day.
I...
knew it the moment I saw you.
That you're my style.
Really? Thank you.
It makes me feel so great...
to hear you say that.
Ms. Yoon.
Don't worry about that punk at all.
I'll teach him a lesson.
Jerk.
I should tie up those guys like him...
and cut what's in the middle so that they won't work as men again.
- Ms. Ko, you're crazy. - What?
You're crazy.
Ms. Yoon, it hurts.
Ma'am, we're almost there.
- Like this. - That's right.
Ms. Yoon, is this the right place?
Yes?
You can drop me off here.
Ms. Yoon, are you sure this is the right place?
Ms. Ko.
Well... Actually,
I really need to go to a toilet now. I'll come right back.
She's such a nice person.
She's such a nice person. Don't you think so?
Yes.
Why do nice people...
all come at once?
Relations are so sad...
because we can't...
see them coming.
His Room 19 and mine...
have opened.
(Because This Is My First Life)
Shall we sleep together again tonight?
- Ko Jung Min? - Gosh!
However I explain, it'll hurt her.
Because she's a transparent person.
Why does the wound deepen...
when someone comes along?
I'm Ji Ho's husband. Will that affect you...
in working with her?
You said you'd profess to Ji Ho.
You said all three of them were too cheesy.
I was worried about just one person.
Shall we...